https://edmreviewer.com/2017/10/01/axwell-%ce%bb-ingrosso-know-steerner-bootleg/
I wanted to end this beautiful September with a masterpiece. Steerner, one of the most underrated producers in the history, is back with a monstrous “More Than You Know” bootleg.
“More Than You Know” (Steerner Bootleg) impressed me, using a euphemism. This is how a bootleg should be made, with the exact balance between original vibes, experimentation and signature sounds. 33% each one, and the remaining 1% goes in goosebumps.
Talking about the original version, I’ve never reviewed it. I wasn’t a big fan of it, I liked the vocal but not the slow rhythm, During the past months some unofficial versions came out (my favorite was the Firebeatz one), but I had not found the “right remix”. There was potential, obviously, we are talking about A&I, the song is good, but not 100% good.
I know it’s quite difficult to understand, but in few words, I was looking for the right “More Than You Know”, and it arrived today. Steerner dropped a masterpiece and I’m happy to have discovered it immediately!
This remix, for me, is the ideal example of something created exactly for making me fall in love.
1. GUITAR
Being a fan of “traditional instruments”, I loved the guitar lead. Steerner wisely used it during 90% of the time, keeping the funky and happy mood and making me happy.
2. MELODIC BUILDUP
In all the “More Than You Know” bootlegs I heard, I wasn’t impressed by the buildup part. It needs to be powerful and catchy too! Here it’s basically perfect: the vocal is fresh, the energy is building, and it has a secondary melody in the background that prepares you for the progressive drop…
But wait, the drop is unexpected!
3. SURPRISING FIRST DROP
Chapeau. One of the best drops of the year, creative, energetic, goosebumps-giver, elegant. I wasn’t expecting this groovy-future-whatever drop, which is genial and powerful at the same time! No words are needed there. Just check it.
4. SURPRISING SECOND DROP
Here we go, the second drop is unexpected too! This time you are waiting for the groovy-bouncy style, and Steerner hits you with his elegant progressive house. I loved that part because Steerner has his own style and he managed to show it in the final seconds in an amazing way. Even if I prefer the first part, the second one is stunning too!